c:\Users\User\Desktop\Documents\VSC\C# Projects\AuthoBson\src\AuthoBson\bin\Debug\net5.0\appsettings.Development.json
c:\Users\User\Desktop\Documents\VSC\C# Projects\AuthoBson\src\AuthoBson\bin\Debug\net5.0\appsettings.json
c:\Users\User\Desktop\Documents\VSC\C# Projects\AuthoBson\src\AuthoBson\bin\Debug\net5.0\snappy32.dll
c:\Users\User\Desktop\Documents\VSC\C# Projects\AuthoBson\src\AuthoBson\bin\Debug\net5.0\snappy64.dll
c:\Users\User\Desktop\Documents\VSC\C# Projects\AuthoBson\src\AuthoBson\bin\Debug\net5.0\libzstd.dll
c:\Users\User\Desktop\Documents\VSC\C# Projects\AuthoBson\src\AuthoBson\bin\Debug\net5.0\AuthoBson.exe
c:\Users\User\Desktop\Documents\VSC\C# Projects\AuthoBson\src\AuthoBson\bin\Debug\net5.0\mongocrypt.dll
c:\Users\User\Desktop\Documents\VSC\C# Projects\AuthoBson\src\AuthoBson\bin\Debug\net5.0\AuthoBson.deps.json
c:\Users\User\Desktop\Documents\VSC\C# Projects\AuthoBson\src\AuthoBson\bin\Debug\net5.0\AuthoBson.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\User\Desktop\Documents\VSC\C# Projects\AuthoBson\src\AuthoBson\bin\Debug\net5.0\AuthoBson.runtimeconfig.dev.json
c:\Users\User\Desktop\Documents\VSC\C# Projects\AuthoBson\src\AuthoBson\bin\Debug\net5.0\AuthoBson.dll
c:\Users\User\Desktop\Documents\VSC\C# Projects\AuthoBson\src\AuthoBson\bin\Debug\net5.0\ref\AuthoBson.dll
c:\Users\User\Desktop\Documents\VSC\C# Projects\AuthoBson\src\AuthoBson\bin\Debug\net5.0\AuthoBson.pdb
c:\Users\User\Desktop\Documents\VSC\C# Projects\AuthoBson\src\AuthoBson\bin\Debug\net5.0\DnsClient.dll
c:\Users\User\Desktop\Documents\VSC\C# Projects\AuthoBson\src\AuthoBson\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.JsonPatch.dll
c:\Users\User\Desktop\Documents\VSC\C# Projects\AuthoBson\src\AuthoBson\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.NewtonsoftJson.dll
c:\Users\User\Desktop\Documents\VSC\C# Projects\AuthoBson\src\AuthoBson\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.OpenApi.dll
c:\Users\User\Desktop\Documents\VSC\C# Projects\AuthoBson\src\AuthoBson\bin\Debug\net5.0\MongoDB.Bson.dll
c:\Users\User\Desktop\Documents\VSC\C# Projects\AuthoBson\src\AuthoBson\bin\Debug\net5.0\MongoDB.Driver.dll
c:\Users\User\Desktop\Documents\VSC\C# Projects\AuthoBson\src\AuthoBson\bin\Debug\net5.0\MongoDB.Driver.Core.dll
c:\Users\User\Desktop\Documents\VSC\C# Projects\AuthoBson\src\AuthoBson\bin\Debug\net5.0\MongoDB.Libmongocrypt.dll
c:\Users\User\Desktop\Documents\VSC\C# Projects\AuthoBson\src\AuthoBson\bin\Debug\net5.0\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\User\Desktop\Documents\VSC\C# Projects\AuthoBson\src\AuthoBson\bin\Debug\net5.0\Newtonsoft.Json.Bson.dll
c:\Users\User\Desktop\Documents\VSC\C# Projects\AuthoBson\src\AuthoBson\bin\Debug\net5.0\SharpCompress.dll
c:\Users\User\Desktop\Documents\VSC\C# Projects\AuthoBson\src\AuthoBson\bin\Debug\net5.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.Swagger.dll
c:\Users\User\Desktop\Documents\VSC\C# Projects\AuthoBson\src\AuthoBson\bin\Debug\net5.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerGen.dll
c:\Users\User\Desktop\Documents\VSC\C# Projects\AuthoBson\src\AuthoBson\bin\Debug\net5.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerUI.dll
c:\Users\User\Desktop\Documents\VSC\C# Projects\AuthoBson\src\AuthoBson\bin\Debug\net5.0\runtimes\win\native\libzstd.dll
c:\Users\User\Desktop\Documents\VSC\C# Projects\AuthoBson\src\AuthoBson\bin\Debug\net5.0\runtimes\win\native\snappy32.dll
c:\Users\User\Desktop\Documents\VSC\C# Projects\AuthoBson\src\AuthoBson\bin\Debug\net5.0\runtimes\win\native\snappy64.dll
c:\Users\User\Desktop\Documents\VSC\C# Projects\AuthoBson\src\AuthoBson\bin\Debug\net5.0\runtimes\linux\native\libmongocrypt.so
c:\Users\User\Desktop\Documents\VSC\C# Projects\AuthoBson\src\AuthoBson\bin\Debug\net5.0\runtimes\osx\native\libmongocrypt.dylib
c:\Users\User\Desktop\Documents\VSC\C# Projects\AuthoBson\src\AuthoBson\bin\Debug\net5.0\runtimes\win\native\mongocrypt.dll
c:\Users\User\Desktop\Documents\VSC\C# Projects\AuthoBson\src\AuthoBson\obj\Debug\net5.0\AuthoBson.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\User\Desktop\Documents\VSC\C# Projects\AuthoBson\src\AuthoBson\obj\Debug\net5.0\AuthoBson.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\User\Desktop\Documents\VSC\C# Projects\AuthoBson\src\AuthoBson\obj\Debug\net5.0\AuthoBson.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\User\Desktop\Documents\VSC\C# Projects\AuthoBson\src\AuthoBson\obj\Debug\net5.0\AuthoBson.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\User\Desktop\Documents\VSC\C# Projects\AuthoBson\src\AuthoBson\obj\Debug\net5.0\AuthoBson.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\User\Desktop\Documents\VSC\C# Projects\AuthoBson\src\AuthoBson\obj\Debug\net5.0\AuthoBson.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\User\Desktop\Documents\VSC\C# Projects\AuthoBson\src\AuthoBson\obj\Debug\net5.0\staticwebassets\AuthoBson.StaticWebAssets.Manifest.cache
c:\Users\User\Desktop\Documents\VSC\C# Projects\AuthoBson\src\AuthoBson\obj\Debug\net5.0\staticwebassets\AuthoBson.StaticWebAssets.xml
c:\Users\User\Desktop\Documents\VSC\C# Projects\AuthoBson\src\AuthoBson\obj\Debug\net5.0\scopedcss\bundle\AuthoBson.styles.css
c:\Users\User\Desktop\Documents\VSC\C# Projects\AuthoBson\src\AuthoBson\obj\Debug\net5.0\AuthoBson.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\User\Desktop\Documents\VSC\C# Projects\AuthoBson\src\AuthoBson\obj\Debug\net5.0\AuthoBson.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\Users\User\Desktop\Documents\VSC\C# Projects\AuthoBson\src\AuthoBson\obj\Debug\net5.0\AuthoBson.dll
c:\Users\User\Desktop\Documents\VSC\C# Projects\AuthoBson\src\AuthoBson\obj\Debug\net5.0\ref\AuthoBson.dll
c:\Users\User\Desktop\Documents\VSC\C# Projects\AuthoBson\src\AuthoBson\obj\Debug\net5.0\AuthoBson.pdb
c:\Users\User\Desktop\Documents\VSC\C# Projects\AuthoBson\src\AuthoBson\obj\Debug\net5.0\AuthoBson.genruntimeconfig.cache
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Documents\VSC\C# Projects\AuthoBson\src\AuthoBson\obj\Debug\net5.0\AuthoBson.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Documents\VSC\C# Projects\AuthoBson\src\AuthoBson\bin\Debug\net5.0\MailKit.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Documents\VSC\C# Projects\AuthoBson\src\AuthoBson\bin\Debug\net5.0\MimeKit.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Documents\VSC\C# Projects\AuthoBson\src\AuthoBson\bin\Debug\net5.0\BouncyCastle.Crypto.dll
